Add retries documentation (#200)
digitalocean/pydo: README.md

    paginated = False
```

#### Retries and Backoff

> By default the client uses [this](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-core/azure.core.pipeline.policies.retrypolicy?view=azure-python)

Reviewer: Since we use a somewhat well known retry policy given our usage of Microsoft's client generator, I think it's worth mentioning it explicitly for the folks who might be aware of it. Just an idea though – I don't feel too strongly about this, so if you disagree, you don't have to accept the suggestion.
```suggestion
By default the client uses the same retry policy as the [Azure SDK for Python](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-core/azure.core.pipeline.policies.retrypolicy?view=azure-python).
```

Author: I think that's a good suggestion, will commit change- thanks!
